After hearing amazing stories about the Yellowstone National Park from friends and colleagues, I finally got to visit it this September, to find out for myself what all the hype was about. And my verdict is that the hype was worth it, as this was the most unique national park I have visited so far! 

Since the national park is huge, I spent about 4 days exploring it, driving along the entire loop, and taking some short hikes. I have never been very enthusiastic about spotting animals in the wild, as I had grown up visiting the zoo in my city frequently, and seeing lots of animals there with very little effort. However, this was the first time I understood the thrill of spotting animals in the wild. The trip started from Grand Teton National Park - I was so excited when I spotted a female moose with her baby moose near Jenny Lake in Grand Teton. After that, I was looking forward to seeing more animals in Yellowstone. The first animal I spotted there was a bison, while walking across the Old Faithful Geyser boardwalk trail. Thereafter, I visited the Lamar Valley and Hayden Valley, where herds of bisons were casually crossing the road or grazing in the pastures. I also saw black bears, grizzly bears, elks, proghorn deers, and a coyote. 

Another unique aspect of Yellowstone is the numerous geysers and springs spread across the national park. The Old Faithful Geyser erupts every ~90 minutes into a magnificently tall jet of water -- it was incredible to watch it! There's a boardwalk across it, which goes through dozens of springs of beautiful colors due to microbial activity. I especially loved the Mornign Glory. From my Google search, I had seen spectacular photos of Grand Prismatic Spring, and was very eager to see it. However, I discovered that it's hard to see it clearly due to the dense steam rising from it, and it's so big that you can't get a good view of it from the boardwalk. The amazing photos of it are actually captured from a helicopter :D It was a nice stop nevertheless, and I can't complain about the natural free spa I got. 